# Post-processing the data files produced

There are a few types of files produced when one runs the unified framework code with anisotropic adaptation. All the produced files are documented here:

1. `error_data.csv`: This file contains the data about the error in solution variable if their analytical value is know. For details about the columns check the file `unifiedframework/monitors.h` and the variable `err_monitors` in the code. The columns from this file can be post-processed using the script `error_data_plot.py`
2. `log-p-MaX-AlY-ReZ-EvrA.csv`: The log file contains some details about the problem such as coefficient of drag, lift and total time required to solve. In case of hp adaptation `p=0` is the relevant file. The columns from this file can be post-processed using the script `log_plot.py`. For details about the columns check the file `unifiedframework/monitors.h` in the code.
3. `coefficient-ne-p-MaX-AlY-ReZ-EvrA.csv`: The file contains the details about a particular mesh. It contains data like coefficient of skin friction and pressure at various quadrature points on the boundaries. In case of hp adaptation `p=0` is the relevant file. The columns from this file can be post-processed using the script `coefficient_plot.py`. For details about the columns check the file `unifiedframework/monitors.h` in the code.
4. `solution-ne-p-MaX-AlY-ReZ-EvrA.dat`: The file contains the contour plot of solution which can be post processed by Tecplot or Paraview. The solution is saved at many sub triangles to represent higher order solutions.
5. `solution-ne-p-MaX-AlY-ReZ-EvrA.out`: The file contains the coefficients for the HDG solution and can be used as input when starting the simulation. The file is stored in binary format.